[Music]
like a lot of 80s and 90s edge lord
alternative kids. I was heavily into
Marilyn Manson in the9s and 2000s. I was
a fan of the band from the beginning and
kind of fell off when Eat Me, Drink Me
came out, but everything up to and
including Golden Age of Grotesque was my
era. As anyone who was a Manson fan of
the late '9s and early 2000s know, they
were one of the bands that had an
official forum on their website. For
noobs, a forum, or BBS as we call it,
was basically like a ban related
subreddit with different sections where
you could post threads similar to
Reddit. Official forums for bans barely
exist anymore because there's all sorts
of legal culpability for what gets
posted on them these days, but back then
it was basically a free-for-all.
Some very insane stuff went down on the
Marilyn Manson forums with people
posting extreme shock images and
remaining unbanned or shocking photos of
themselves or hurling abuse at each
other making the most offensive edge
lord jokes you can imagine. And it was
glorious.
And I was a girly girl who loved pink
and rainbows and prom and stuff and also
loved edgy humor and Marilyn
Manson and far harder and darker music.
I thought that this made me so unique.
And so my online persona was based
around being a glittery pink princess in
a world of goths and monsters. And what
do you know? The goths and monsters
loved it and me and appreciated the
subversive nature of the joke. Cool. I
did a funny and I was a bit of a novelty
when I registered on the forum and
immediately got taken under the wing of
the cool kids. people like Perfect,
Skinny Puppy, Stigma, and a sardonic
lesbian called Katie, a skinny guy from
Scranton who wore a tutu called Gordy,
the DXM Queen. Those types of people.
And I was bullied by a men with names
like Celibate Adam, Mugwamp, Cranboy,
and Derek. But it was all in good fun,
and I bit back. We all hated each other
with loving affection, and to this day,
it was one of my favorite communities
I've ever been a part of.
I think it helped because three of the
cool kids, Perfect, Skinny, and Katie,
were actually kids I knew from school.
I'd overheard them talking about the
Marilyn Manson BBS and told them that I
was a fan. They didn't believe me
because I was a cheerleader and theater
kid, so I signed up and demonstrated my
knowledge and showed that I was down for
the laws. And that's how we became
friends. We didn't really hang out IRL,
but it was nice to know that some of my
online friends were also my school pals
if I ever did need to chill with them.
One member of the Manson forum was
called Jordy Dark. He'd regularly post
pictures of himself. He had this thick
milk bottle, glasses, a porn star
mustache, huge sideburns, a mullet, and
the lankiest, skinniest, palest body
you've ever seen.
A very oddlooking fella, but kind of
interesting. and we never really hung
out, but he'd sometimes comment on my
posts with things like or nice or lol.
And one day, Jordy sent me a private
message asking when we were going to
start chatting. I was down to chat with
anyone, so I said, "Well, now is fine."
And we began talking about music, of
course. And surprise, surprise, we
shared a lot of the same tastes, which
is pretty expected when you meet on the
message board of a band. There were
about four things we talked about. The
Blair Witch Project, Marilyn Manson,
Hull, The Band, and The X-Files. We were
both big fans of all of these things
that for alternative kids was very
mainstream.
Jordy took this as a sign that we were
absolute soulmates, though, and every
single day after that, he'd commented on
all my posts as if though we were best
friends. He'd also send me lengthy
private messages talking about I don't
really know what really. The weirdest
part was that he decided that I was
depressed, sad, anxious goth girl who
was a danger to herself and needed to be
lifted out of her pit of misery. At no
point had I ever suggested this. Just
because a lot of other girls on the
forum were like that didn't mean I was.
But it seemed like Jordy had just
decided that I was as a means of saving
me and didn't even care that it wasn't
real.
It was intensely infuriating having a
guy talk to you about your mental health
disorders and depression that don't even
exist, treating you like a patient who
he can save with his love and care. I
could ignore it in PMs, but he started
commenting like this on my post, too. It
became really irritating, especially
when others would try and interact with
me and joke around. Sometimes
aggressively, sure, because that was how
we interacted in fun. But he would rush
to my defense. He'd warned people to
leave me alone, threaten them if they
insulted me, and it started making me
look bad, too. I didn't want some creep
defending me like this, especially from
people I consider friends. I tried to
tell Jordy a bunch of times that I
didn't want this, and he flat out told
me that I simply didn't know what was
best for me due to my mental illness.
And he said that I was numb because of
the medication.
I'm like, "Bro, I don't even take
aspirin." And I started to ignore Jordy
after this. Unfortunately, the BBS
software didn't have a function where
you could block individual people. The
only way they could stop messaging you
was if they got banned. It wasn't really
something we did, reporting each other
to the admin, and it was generally
considered a big no no. So, I didn't
file any complaints about Jordy. We
encouraged mob justice, which meant that
me and my friends would clown on Jordy.
We'd call him a loser, creep, and weirdo
whenever he posted strange crap about
me. Jordy didn't care, though. He'd just
reply with a and continue posting his
strange, poorly lit photos of himself
where he looked like a 70s serial
killer. In one of the last private
messages Jordy sent me, he told me he
forgave me for how my friends treated
him. He said that he wouldn't let it get
in the way of our life together and that
one day he'd come and rescue me from
these creeps. Like I said, I was in high
school at this point in my junior year.
Perfect. Skinny and Katie also went to
my school and they were in their senior
year, which is another reason that we
didn't hang out in school. Really, one
day I was in class and got a message
from the office that my dad had arrived
to take me out of school due to a family
emergency.
Weird since my dad walked out when I was
three. I have a stepdad, though, but it
was unusual that he'd introduce himself
as my dad. We got along great, but he
was Leon, not dad, and that was fine.
Maybe the office just screwed up,
though. I got a pass, left class, and
headed to the office. Even down the
hall, I couldn't see Leon or anyone. The
secretary said that my dad was out in
the parking lot, and that she was sorry
to hear about my aunt. I did have a
crazy wine aunt living in another state,
my mom's sister, so my heart
flip-flopped as I rushed into the
parking lot. Once there, I froze in my
tracks. There was a filthy looking
camper van parked up across the three
spots. It was covered in faded flower
power graffiti and some lewd imagery of
women. Leaning against the camper van
was a guy I both recognized and didn't.
It was Jordy from the Marilyn Manson
forums, but it wasn't exactly him.
Remember I said that in his photos he
looked like a serial killer from the '
70s? That's because those photos likely
were taken in the 70s.
The guy who stood lounging against the
camper smoking a cigarette, looked like
Jordy, but aged 30 years or more. His
long, hippie hair was grayed, and so was
his mustache, and his face was a map of
wrinkles and lines that suggested hard
living and hard drugs. He wore filthy
bell-bottom jeans and a cowkinn vest
open over his bare pigeon chest. And I
kid you not, he looked like a hippie who
hadn't changed his clothes or washed
since 1969.
I stopped short, but elderly Jordy
caught sight of me across the parking
lot. His deranged face split into a
frantic grin, and he began striding
toward me. He called out my forum
username, and that's when I knew that it
was definitely him. He began ranting
about how he'd finally come to save me
and take me away from the filth. and I
began to back away and told him to f
off, but he came over to me and grabbed
my wrist hard. I yelled at him to get
off of me. And by now, some other
students and faculty were beginning to
pay attention.
I saw a friend I recognized and yelled
that this dude was some random guy off
the internet and he was trying to kidnap
me and to please go get the principal,
the cops, or whatever.
They ran off and Jordy began dragging me
towards his stinking dirty camper van.
God knows what depraved fate lay in
store for me behind those doors and I
screamed and tried to pull away. But for
an old guy, he was incredibly strong and
his sandled feet slapped over the
parking lot as he heaved me towards his
serial killer murder van. Or so it
seemed to me at the time. Out of
nowhere, a voice yelled at him to let me
the f go and back off.
I turned and my three forum buddies from
school, Perfect, Skinny, and Katie, came
barreling over. Skinny raised her
skateboard and cracked Jordy across the
back with it, causing the old board to
actually break. Jordy let go of me and
howled in fury. Katie swung her bag
covered in band badges and patches and
battered Jordy in the head. sending him
back further.
And then perfect, the guy who was this
tiny short goth kid, displayed
surprising strength by pinning hippie
Jord's arms behind his back and rushing
him forward across the parking lot,
slamming him against the minivan.
Jordy then crumples to the ground, and
Perfect pinned him down, yelling for
security or really anyone.
Katie and Skinny guided me away and
checked that I was okay. I told them I
was and then mentioned how wild it was
that Jordy had literally tracked me down
from the forums and arrived here. They
were floored. They had no idea who
they'd been fighting. They just seen
some old guy dragging me across the
parking lot and ran to my aid. They
hadn't even paid attention to who it
was, but as soon as I told them, they
realized I was right. It was him. The
cops came and he was taken away and the
four of us got to go home for the rest
of the day.
The first thing we did was talk online
and finally we did report this to the
forum admins who banned Jordy
immediately. The others really wanted to
post this epic tale to the forums, but
we realized that it probably wasn't a
good idea since it was an ongoing
investigation and it probably would show
where we're from. And to this day, I
have no idea how Jordy actually found
the town that I live in and the school
that I go to.
He insisted I told him and also claimed
that I'd asked him to come collect me
from the school that day. It was my word
against his ultimately. And as much as I
hated having to let things drop, there
was a talk of him trying to push assault
charges on my friends if I didn't.
Ultimately, I had to let this potential
predator go free, and my mom and stepdad
were absolutely furious about all of it.
It kind of sucks knowing that Jordy
didn't face any real repercussions for
his actions. And I have to really hope
that it was enough to snap him out of
whatever kind of weird stuper he was in
and make sure he left teenage girls
alone.
[Music]
So, I've been a listener for a few years
now. I have a story I've always wanted
to share with you, but I've never been
able to bring myself to actually write
it down and send it in cuz it kind of
makes me sick to my damn stomach. So, my
lovely wife, who introduced me to your
channel, has finally convinced me to
send it in. So, I hope your listeners
get a few chuckles or more likely
shivers at the completely effed up thing
that happened to me, my sister, and my
mom when I was a kid. Do you remember
AOL Instant Messenger? It started off as
an instant messenger client for people
who had AOL as a service provider, but
eventually anyone could use it. It was
the messenger program of choice for the
'90s and 2000 kids with the creative
away messages you could write and being
one of the first that let you choose
your own user picture and username
display. You could also customize it so
it would give you alert pop-ups for
specific people in your friends list,
too. And you could assign any sound file
you wanted as the alert noise. And
because of what happened, I genuinely
can't hear the audio clip of Cartman
saying, "Screw you guys." without
cringing and feeling a little spike of
panic.
Her name was Gloria, which sounded made
up even then. I don't know why, but I
could never believe that someone my age
would actually be named Gloria. and she
insisted it was her real name though and
that she was named after the Laura
Brangan song. And that's funny, I said.
That's my mom and stepdad song. Small
world, she said, and suggested it was
fate that we became friends.
Gloria messaged me a lot, always after
9:00 p.m. She told me she had various
clubs and a lot of commitments. Her
birth mom lived across the country and
barely saw her. And her biological dad
had died a couple of years ago, so she
was stuck living with her strict
Christian fundamentalist stepmom. I told
her that I had a stepdad, but we got
along pretty well, but it was firm and
fair. And my mom, on the other hand,
treated me like the baby cuz I was. And
we'd been online friends for a few
months by that time. I started telling
her things about my family, and I
trusted her a lot. She'd first added me
on AIM, which let you find and add
random people as part of a feature it
had that would never exist these days. A
few of the instant messenger programs
used to revolve around meeting new
friends online, like IQ, IRC, Yahoo
Messenger, etc. Gloria had added me as a
friend one day and I'd accepted because
she just did that back then. It was
before the days of Facebook and things
and when everyone's real name was
attached to their profiles. It was
totally normal to chat to a rando and if
they were a freak then you just blocked
them and moved on. It was the wild west
and we weren't as careful as we should
have been. But in some cases that led to
surprised long-term friendships.
And that's what I thought was happening
with Gloria. A genuine friend for life.
And this all went down before cell phone
cameras were a thing. And most kids
didn't even have digital cameras. But
I'd seen a couple of photos of her
scanned from her yearbook photo. and I'd
sent her scans of my class photos as
well. And I came to really value
Gloria's company. She was there for me
when I was having a hard time at school
with one of my teachers. And she was
there when me and my friends were being
targeted by a couple of guys in the
grade above. She listened to me lament
about my lack of love life, even though
I was kind of vague about this at first
as a shy 15-year-old. And one day I told
Gloria about my sister who was a few
years older than me and graduating from
high school that year. Lacy is a good
kid. And I say kid even though she's my
senior, but I feel protective of her
like that. And she was back then, too.
But in her senior year, she was
stressing about graduation a lot and the
upcoming anxiety of college. And she
started turning to very mild substances
in order to cope. She was just taking
something similar to Adderall and
occasionally dabbled in prescription
painkillers, but none of them were
things that she was meant to be taking.
And so I stressed and worried about her.
As a 15-year-old, I felt it a bit lame
to tell my 18-year-old sister that I
loved and cared about her, so I told
Gloria instead.
After that, Gloria kept asking about
Lacy a lot. I didn't like this. It made
me a bit jealous as well as protective
and I guess Gloria picked up on that
because she started to be extra nice to
me. Love bombing I think the kids call
it these days. She'd asked me to hang
out with her almost every night playing
Habbo Hotel and Club Penguin and various
flash games. I started to develop a real
strong bond with her and I genuinely
came to deeply value her company. I
guess Gloria valued mine, too, because
one Friday in the November of my
sophomore year of high school, Gloria
told me that she'd fallen in love with
me. I didn't really know what to say. I
loved Gloria as a friend, and I didn't
feel that way about her. We'd never met
for one thing. And instead of breaking
her heart, I suggested that maybe we
could talk on the phone. Gloria freaked
out at this and actually blocked me for
a hot minute. And I felt awful. I'd
somehow offended her and had no idea
why. Had she been able to tell that I
didn't feel the same? A few days of
feeling lousy went past and then screw
you guys played from my computer, that
Cartman sound, and Gloria was online and
I felt a little nervous and a little
panicky.
We talked long into the night. Gloria
spun a strange tale that didn't make a
lot of sense and I'm not going to bother
repeating it because spoiler, it was
completely made up. Short version
though, the idea of speaking on the
phone terrified her, but she was down to
actually meet in real life. She said she
thought things could be a lot easier if
we'd meet up and talk.
This sounded like a terrible, dangerous
idea to me, so naturally, as a
15-year-old boy, I agreed to it
immediately. We decided to meet in a
park near my house. And I asked her how
she knew where I lived and how she could
be there when she lived across the
state. And she told me that there was
something that she needed to confess to
me. But I shouldn't be scared. She was
still the same Gloria I knew and
trusted.
Obviously, I was very suspicious, but
I'd known this girl for months. We'd
shared everything. We were close
friends. Even if she had a dark secret,
I could look past it. Maybe she was a
friend from school who was too shy to
admit who she was. Maybe she was a dude.
Honestly, I would have been fine with
Gloria being a boy my age. Maybe he had
gender confusion issues or something.
But what I didn't really consider was
the possibility that it was worse and
then worse again.
I showed up to the park a bit early. The
sun was just beginning to set and I
started to realize that even though we'd
picked a public place to meet the time
and area of the park meant that nobody
else was really around. It was a small
parking lot and abandoned store on the
edge of the park with a couple of
benches I could wait on. And I sat there
and eventually a car pulled into the
parking lot windows down blasting thy
unveiling by insane clown posy from the
open windows. I remember this vividly
because I'd been hella into that band
and that CD in particular when I was in
middle school. This was a few years
later and I'd stopped listening to the
album, but someone who knew me and was
trying to impress me, but hadn't really
paid close attention for the last few
years could feasibly play it to win me
over.
It wasn't just the song that caused my
mind to go there. I also recognized the
car. It was the car I'd ridden to school
many times a few years ago, listening to
that very CD and refusing to enter in
the conversation with the man in the
driver's seat, my stepdad, mom's then
new husband, Carl.
Carl pulled the car to a stop, climbed
out, and walked over to me and saying
clown posi still blaring from the
stereo. I cringed. It was obvious what
had happened. Carl had found out that I
was meeting Gloria, a stranger from the
internet, and had decided to intercept
me. How did he know? Did mom and Carl
have some kind of parental lock or
monitoring on the computer? Carl sat
down next to me, and the truth was way,
way more horrifying.
Carl was Gloria.
And it started out as a way to keep an
eye on me and what I was getting up to
online. And then he started enjoying
being Gloria. He began digging his
double life. I didn't want to believe it
at first, but he was able to perfectly
recount every interaction I'd had with
Gloria. It was way more direct than if
he'd read our chat logs or monitored our
conversations.
Only the other conversation participant
could be this aware. At first, I was mad
that my stepdad was keeping an eye on
me. Then I remembered the event that had
led to all of this. He, Gloria, said she
he was in love with me. I asked Carl
what in God's name had caused him to say
that. And Carl looked sheepish and
almost shy. And then his face started to
turn red. And in that moment, Carl
changed. He'd always been kind of a
pushover. I never really respected him
cuz I thought he was less of a man than
my dad had been. and he let my mom push
him around, too. He certainly wasn't an
abusive, cruel, or strict stepdad, but
how he physically grabbed me by the
collar, dragged me towards him, and
hissed in my ear. He said if I told
anyone what he'd said or done as Gloria,
then he would ruin my sister's life. I
felt a cold, sick feeling in my stomach.
I'd told Gloria all about Lacy's
struggles. I didn't think it mattered
because I thought Gloria was a kid my
age on the internet who lived on the
other side of the country. But no, she
was my damn stepdad. And now my stepdad
had about a million pieces of damning
info about his stepdaughter, Lacy.
We rode home. ICP was still playing and
it drove me nuts. And eventually I asked
Carl what I could do to keep the peace
and make sure that he left Stacy alone.
And I was feeling sick and terrified.
I'd lost my best friend, Gloria, and
worse, found out that she'd never even
been real. But I'd also screwed my
sister over in the process and found out
that the stepdad, who I'd always
considered a non- entity, was a complete
creo.
Carl said he wanted to keep up the
facade, that I had to continue talking
to him as Gloria, pretending he was a
15-year-old girl whenever we spoke
online. And something about this chilled
me to my absolute core. He'd already
confessed his love to me. What did he
mean by keeping up the facade? How far
was he expecting me to go with Gloria?
And at first, I really tried for Lacy's
sake. Carl kept up his persona of Gloria
almost perfectly, just letting it slip
enough to 100% prove to me it was in
fact him. Comments like, "See you at
dinner." that could have looked
innocuous to anyone reading the chat
logs or a vague reference to something
he'd said in person. There was no doubt
that he was Gloria, but for the most
part, he kept up the pretense of being
my 15-year-old female internet friend, a
very affectionate friend. I don't really
want to talk about that part, and
thankfully, it could have been a lot
worse. But Carl Gloria definitely did
start trying to push things further with
me, and that's when I broke. I couldn't
take it anymore. I confessed it all to
Lacy one night when we were alone in the
house. I expected her to be furious at
me and to kick my ass, but she was
totally chill and understanding. She
explained gently to me that her drug
problem was extremely minor recreational
use and she hadn't taken anything in
months. So, even if Carl did try to
expose her, there was really nothing to
expose.
She said it was very sweet that I was so
worried about her, but kind of laughed
at me for being overly cautious and
neurotic and really sensible. And that
was great news though because it meant
that I didn't have to tolerate Carl
anymore. And that night, Lacy and I
assessed his computer. His password was
our mom's date of birth and found chat
logs between Gloria and a whole bunch of
other kids online.
And from what we could tell, Carl had
been talking to at least five or six
other teenage boys as Gloria. He'd never
taken things irreparably far yet, but
there was at least one conversation
where he was beginning to try and
encourage this one richer kid to use his
allowance to buy a digital camera and
send him revealing photos.
We printed everything out that night
before Carl could cover his tracks and
then showed it to our mother.
She obviously was horrified and the next
day Carl was gone. Mom handled
everything. I know law enforcement were
involved and I don't know if at the time
laws allowed for Carl to be monitored
for catfishing as back in the early
2000s online laws were obviously pretty
patchy. And Carl died in the mid 2010s
alone and single thankfully. I kept an
eye on him all these years because I
promised myself that I'd never allow him
to actually hurt a kid. I can't be sure
that I succeeded, but it seems like he
kept his head down until his death. So,
I feel like I did my job as best I could
till he passed away of cancer.
These days, it's very easy to verify who
you're talking to. But, as for us 2000's
kids, things were different. I know
plenty of friends my age who have had
similar unpleasant experiences with
adult strangers online. And my advice is
not to suffer in silence. Talk about it.
It really helps. Trust me.
[Music]
So, something very strange happened to
me a few years ago. Because I can't tell
it without giving away some identifiable
information. I can't say exactly where
it happened, but it was a major US city.
I don't think I'm in any danger from
telling the story. I just have a very
good reason to be cautious.
I've been furoughed during the 2020
pandemic and my stimulus check was
starting to run out. I'd split up with
my boyfriend because living together in
lockdown had revealed that he was a
massive Jordan Peterson guy and before I
blocked him on Facebook I think he was
getting into QAon.
So I was starting to get worried about
money. I'd got into a routine of waking
up and making some black coffee and then
checking all the job listing sites for
remote work. When nothing turned up, I'd
usually hit one of the few gyms that
were still open. Working out made me
feel like that I still had some control
over my body. And that day was different
though because before I could open my
crossword app, I saw a Facebook message
about an exciting new job opportunity
with flexible hours and daily earnings
up to $1,000.
It was a multi-level marketing scheme to
sell overpriced makeup. I blocked and
reported them for scams and thought that
that would be the end of it. There was a
new girl at the gym that day, but she
seemed to be more interested in her
phone than working out, probably trying
to choose the right selfies to post. I
tried to ignore her and worked on my
arms. After showering and changing into
a strappy top and leggings, I went to
the nearby Starbucks for a frappe. There
was some more scam messages, which I
didn't even bother reading this time
before blocking them. And there must
have been about five different accounts,
all with the same kinds of messages and
the same profile photo of a woman in her
30s with lip fillers and pretty good eye
makeup.
It was about this point when I realized
that she was in the coffee shop only
about three tables away. I froze. I went
to that gym almost every day. I was in
the Starbucks nearly as often and she
had to have seen me here. probably got
my name from them calling out for my
drink orders and guess the rest on
Facebook. And this was no coincidence.
Another terrible thought struck me. I
googled the makeup brand zero results.
And that kind of company is almost built
on search engine optimization. There was
no way that it would have had a digital
footprint. And like most people, I
didn't know much about multi-level
marketing companies. The scale at which
most of the recruiters message people is
a little frightening. and you're told to
find up to hundreds of people each day
and tell them their unique qualities
make them suited to the MLM. So, when I
found out that the MLM company wasn't
even real, it made a lot more sense how
she'd had the time to do so much
research on me. I later found out from
friends and ex-coorkers that she'd been
messaging them asking questions about me
and just giving a very weird vibe. I was
so shocked that I almost ran out of the
coffee shop. And of course, she followed
me after taking a sip from my unfinished
drink. I asked her what the hell she was
doing, and in the end, it turned out to
be about a man that I'd just forgotten
about. She claimed I'd stolen her ex.
And in reality, he'd never told me that
he was in a relationship, and when he
proved to be useless in every way that
mattered, I ended it. The next week, I'd
seen him with another woman, and I
barely even cared. I didn't steal her
boyfriend and she would have been better
off without him. I tried to tell her as
much, but she was clearly obsessed with
me now and it didn't really matter how
she'd started. It felt very strange
trying to run away from her without
wanting to make it obvious that
something weird was happening. And as if
by not showing it, I could avoid the
situation that I was in. She didn't seem
to care about that. So, I was forced to
run away from her. Not sure where else
to go, I ran for the subway with her not
far behind.
And I thought back to my wilder teenage
years as I cleanly jumped over the
turnstyle, leaving her scrambling to pay
the fair. And I ran down the platform
and jumped through the subway car doors
and tried to make my way along the
packed train. Just as the doors were
closing, she made it into the car. And I
waved at her as the train started to
move and walked back up the steps to get
a cab home. I don't have my name on any
social media accounts now, and I deleted
most of them. Even if you could work out
who I am from this, you'll never find me
online. I don't really take selfies
anymore, not on any public accounts. And
of course, I got multiple restraining
orders on her, but I still don't want to
take any chances. Unless she's gotten
the help she needs, then she's probably
stalking someone else right now. I have
a very close friend who tells me I need
to move because I resent having to keep
a file on my own stalker. And I'm only
writing this because I think if she
escalates again that she might get
caught.
[Music]
I'm from Old Blighty and I've got a
proper corker of a yarn to share with
you today, old chap. Just kidding. We
don't actually talk like that. But that
was the first message I received from
the girl that I'll call handcuffs. She
said that she'd seen my MySpace and
liked my photography and thought it was
funny that I came from old blighty. She
was fascinated by British slang and
British culture and kept making weird
British jokes to me, calling me old chap
and that kind of stuff. And I found it
pretty enduring that a hot alternative
Californian chick was impressed by my
Britishness. And I figured the rumor was
true that American chicks dig British
guys despite our awful teeth and love of
bland cuisine. And I was even more
impressed when handcuffs told me the
site that she'd worked for. You can't
actually say the name on YouTube, but
let's just say that it's a modeling site
that still exists to this day, which
could be known as unal alive lasses, if
you catch my drift, and you probably get
it by now. Handcuffs told me that she
was an unalive lass and sent some photos
that did indeed suggest that she was
such. and I could see her on the public
version of the website, but a number of
the photos were definitely from the
paying membersonly area, if you catch my
drift. And of course, it didn't really
occur to my dumb hormonefueled self that
someone could have just subscribed to
the site to save those photos and send
them to me. The inclusion of some candid
personal photos sealed the deal for me.
And again, stupid as I am, I didn't
really consider that whoever handcuffs
really was, they could have just found
other photos of this unal alive lass who
was a public figure.
Me and handcuffs talked for a while and
then she confessed her love for me. And
I believed this obviously because I was
an arrogant little sod who thought that
I was a great catch for a
Californiaifornian glamour model. And I
started getting more suspicious,
however, when she became dead set on
flying me out to Cali to meet her. And
that seemed too good to be true. But
hey, what's the worst that could happen?
A free trip to California.
Then she said that because of the way
the exchange rate works, she could only
buy a ticket from the UK to California
using GPP, and her bank account didn't
allow her to exchange dollars for
pounds. Therefore, I'd have to send her
the ticket price in pounds, and she'd
send it back in dollars. And she knew my
bank account would automatically convert
it because Lloyd's bank did that.
Apparently, why a Californian unal alive
was supposed to have insight into the
functions of Lloyd's bank is something
I'll never know. But hey, at least it
was a good tell that started to open my
eyes. I asked her if she could possibly
send the money first because I was a
little strapped for cash after getting
my pujo modded. At first, she said that
was fine and even claimed that she'd
done an international transfer, so I
should send the money over in the
meantime and her transfer would appear
in my account later. Yeah, no thanks. I
told her I'd have to wait until her
transfer came through. And she started
ranting about how I didn't really love
her and how I wasn't going to get some
if I didn't make the effort and try to
appeal to my, you know, baser instincts.
And as much as I wanted to believe that
I'd be sinking into the bed of an unal
alive lass, I also wanted to believe
that I'd have money to live. So I told
her that I genuinely could not send the
money back until I had it. Of course, no
money showed up. And then she surprised
me by saying it was fine. She'd managed
to buy the ticket anyway, so I didn't
need to worry about the money. I asked
her if the plane tickets would be
arriving at my house, and she said no.
She hadn't been able to arrange that, so
I'd have to pick them up from the
airport on the day of the flight. I told
her that I'd prefer to have the ticket
in hand before driving all the way down
to Hethro, or at the very least, uh,
could she email me the receipt for the
ticket so I knew everything was kosher.
And again, she flipped out at this,
screaming over instant messenger and
hurling some of the worst written abuse
I think I'd ever seen in my life. Hell,
at this point, I didn't even care if she
was genuine. Californian hot girl or
not, never stick your uh head in crazy
as they say. And so I told her to have a
nice life, blocked her and moved on
thinking that I was no worse for wear. I
did kind of miss her or missed the
things that I'd imagined getting up to
with her, but it was whatever. And a few
days later, I was strolling through town
with a couple of the boys when I heard a
female voice yelling my name with some
absolute venom. I turned to look and an
ex-girlfriend from year 8 came bounding
across the high street. Lucy was a large
Wiccan girl who had been a smaller quiet
girl when we dated. We just kind of
drifted apart after just a few weeks,
simply not vibing, and I'd never even
thought about her since. We were in
sixth form college now, and I saw her
around at times, often being quite loud
and mouthy, and was always glad that I
dodged a bullet with that one. And now
she was storming over to me, swinging
her big woolen black bag, pentagrams
jangling around her neck, mascara
smeared around her eyes. And she came up
to me and jabbed me in the chest with a
porky finger, hollering at me that I had
no idea what I'd missed out on, and that
I'd regret not paying her what I owed
her for the heartbreak.
She began screeching that she was going
to put a spell on me and my friends, and
that my uh genitals would fall off. Then
she mentioned a few things that only
handcuffs would know. And that's when I
realized handcuffs was Lucy, my weird,
wicked ex-girlfriend from year 8. And
I'd been successfully indecisively
catfished by this crazy
My mates would give me the ribbing of a
lifetime about this later. But right
now, Lucy seemed genuinely unhinged and
dangerous. She was talking as if she
genuinely believed that she was
handcuffs and had at least summoned or
manifested her and that if I just sent
her the money to pay her rent, then
everything would have been forgiven and
we could have gone back to being in
love. I asked her what needed forgiving
and she said the fact that I broke up
with her in year 8 like 5 years ago and
we just drifted apart. So I yelled it at
her and it absolutely broke her brain.
Lucy full-blown leaped on me, slamming
me to the floor. And I felt my head hit
the side of a granite bench as I fell,
and blood began to trickle from my
skull. And on top of that, I could feel
tiny, sharp pains in my chest as she
began to stab me over and over
repeatedly with a safety pin. It was
more annoying than agonizing, and
coupled with the crack in my skull,
things were starting to feel very
serious.
I felt my friends dragging Lucy off me
and the next thing I knew I was waking
up in the hospital.
Lucy had accidentally fractured my damn
skull when she pushed me and I had a
massive bleed on my brain. My chest was
also really sore from being stabbed by a
damn safety pin. And my parents told me
that Lucy was absolutely mortified about
nearly killing me. Lucy's parents were
insisting that she went into a voluntary
rehab stint. Apparently, she'd been
pretty heavy into drugs and alcohol, and
this was a wake-up call for her. And it
was up to me if I pressed charges, and
ultimately, I decided not to. But that
is the story of how I got catfished,
stalked, and almost killed by a fake
unalive lass who almost unalived me. For
a bit of a happy ending, Lucy went
through a stint at rehab and got better.
We're not close or anything, but she's a
mother of two and a fitness instructor
now and living her best life. We keep in
touch sporadically though for class
reunions and stuff, and she has an
incredibly dark sense of humor like I
do, so we're able to joke about her
almost killing me. In fact, it was her
idea that I write this up, and she proof
read and signed off on it. Some of the
more damning descriptions of her were
added by her and she said that I should
send it to a true scary stories channel
and so I settled on sending it to my
favorite lad who would never catfish
anyone. Let's read.
[Music]
So, I've been a listener for a long time
and I've come into your live stream
sometimes and I'm ashamed to say that
I've left a few comments laughing at
some of the submitting authors for being
idiots. I've always felt a bit guilty
about it because deep down I know that
I'm just projecting
as about 8 years ago I got myself into a
situation with a weird internet creeper
and I know it really was my own doing. I
guess it's easier to take out my
frustrations on others than admit fault.
My friend Allison warned me about this
guy named Jeff. And yeah, it was my own
stupid fault. I admit that upfront. And
Allison told me, "Hey Shan, I met this
guy on such and such Facebook group and
he started being all weird and intense
with me." And she told me he was into
swords and horror and all sorts of
edgelord things. She told me that Jeff
had mentioned me a few times and that he
thought I was interesting. She said she
thought he'd been trying to hit me up
next. And she was right. He did. And my
bored, stupid self, against my better
judgment, allowed him to strike up a
conversation with me. If you've ever
been on the internet at all anytime
between the 2000s and the late 2010s,
you'll know guys like Jeff. Intense,
serious, quick to anger anime fans who
love the killing joke, Sin City,
Firefly, and Arma. They hate the MCU and
any mainstream superhero thing. They
claim to be huge comic book fans, but
get all their information from the Nolan
Batman movies. They're an embarrassment
to genuine comic book fans and nerds.
And people who understand why the Joker
actually is a cool character instead of
why meme lord incelss think he is. True
ones understand. And Jeff was not a true
one. His favorite game of all time was
Bioshock Infinite. And this is not to
insult that game, but it is relevant and
will come up later. And when Jeff
started talking to me, it wasn't
actually as bad as I expected. He was
surprisingly fairly interesting. He had
a rudimentary interest in the same
things I did, the same comics, movies,
anime, and video games. And at first,
the cracks didn't show. But then the
more he talked about these things, the
clear it became that he was getting all
his information from probably Wikipedia
or a handful of movie adaptations.
He'd make definitive sweeping statements
about media that was just completely
wrong or misinformed.
For example, he went on about how Batman
was his favorite superhero because all
of his rogue gallery was totally
grounded and normal, nothing weird or
comicbooky.
And this was only true in the movie
adaptations, but to an OG Batman comics
fan, it's a ridiculous thing to say. I
made the mistake of pointing this out to
him and he got super mad and started
yelling at me that the comics didn't
really count. Eh, weird. Now, I only
knew Jeff online, thank God. But every
time I'd come online, I'd find lengthy
messages from him. After just a week of
knowing him, he'd write elaborate essays
about how close we were and how much I
meant to him and how grateful he was to
know someone like me.
We had known each other for probably a
week at that point. The close friendship
he'd imagined in his head soon seemed to
sway towards the suggestion of a
relationship. I had absolutely no
romantic interest in this guy and had
made it very clear to him that I wasn't
looking, but it was like he heard what
he wanted to hear. Multiple times he
tried to impress me by crowing on about
how he had to break the heart of his
last girlfriend because she wanted to
sleep with him and he'd lectured her
about how that was inappropriate.
When I asked why it was inappropriate,
he let slip that he in his early 30s had
been dating a 16-year-old girl, not just
online either. They were dating in
person. and he very smuggly told me that
he wouldn't sleep with her because it
was illegal though and she was a bad
person for wanting to get with him.
Okay, buddy. That's the child at fault
for sure, I bet. And this is when I
decided that I didn't really want to be
friends with this weirdo anymore. And
one time I told him I was sick and that
I wouldn't be online for a while. And
after 5 days of frantic messages from
him, I kind of snapped and said, "Dude,
I was sick." And he kept replying
saying, "I knew it. I just knew it." And
then proceeded to ramble on about how we
had a freaking psychic connection and
how he had the same thing with his
beloved grandmother and could always
tell when something was wrong with a
loved one. So, he had simply been able
to tell that I wasn't okay. Oh, right.
It was a psychic connection and not the
fact that I literally told you 5 days
ago. Next, when I wouldn't reply, he
began sending me messages saying that he
was having severe chest pains and then
narrating his journey to the emergency
room and leaving vague hints that he had
only hours or minutes left to live.
The first time I stupidly fell for it
and then he would simply do it every
time he wanted attention, but there was
never any follow-up to these medical
disasters. Absolute clown man. And when
that stopped working, he began to spin
Saabb stories about various elderly
relatives he lived with who were on
death's door. The problem was he
couldn't remember the stories that he'd
spun. So one month it was his beloved
granddad who'd raised him who was dying,
but the next month it was his
grandmother, and then it was his brother
and his dad. And none of them ever
actually did die, and most of them never
even got mentioned again. It also
contradicted the fact that he previously
told me that he lived with a roommate
who stole a ton of money off of him but
still lived with him and also that he
lived alone. It was just completely
nonsensical gibberish all designed to
evoke sympathy.
He'd write lengthy attention seeking
diet tribes on Facebook about how
everyone he knew always wanted to take
take and take from him and how he was an
untapped well of positivity and
generosity who was literally incapable
of being mean that he genuinely had some
kind of condition that meant that he
couldn't be unpleasant to people. And
yet somehow he was always managing to
condemn women and girls for their
behavior, choice of dress, etc. or
calling other people fake fans of things
he liked, even though he had the most
rudimentary understanding of most
things. And eventually, it all became
too much for me. He'd go on these rants
about how desire was disgusting and
inappropriate, but also keep trying to
hit on me. He'd send me random, poorly
lit photos of himself. Nothing risque
even, just weird photos of him in a hat
and then ask for lengthy opinions on how
good he looked. And if he felt like I
hadn't said enough, he'd just keep
pressing and pressing.
Now, again, let me stress that I met
this guy online for about 6 weeks. And
in the end, I told him that things were
way, way too intense for me. and that
while I'd be happy to try a friendship
with him, we just didn't have the same
kind of relationship where we were
actually close BFFs or more like he
seemed to keep insisting.
This was of course my fault and he lost
it with me, getting ragy and angry at
the fact that I'd said that I was
willing to be his friend. Now, why would
I say that if I wasn't? I tried to
explain to him that being someone's
friend doesn't involve constant trauma
dumping, attention seeking, and claims
of psychic bonds, but he was having none
of it. He started swearing and cursing
at me, so I blocked him.
Later, he messaged me on Steam
apologizing for what he was about to do.
It wasn't clear whether he was going to
do something to himself or to me. I
wasn't too concerned about the latter,
though. We lived in totally different
countries and he was far too broke to
fly here and do anything to me.
Of course, nothing came of it because
guys like him are all terror and
bluster. And instead, he posted a huge
rant on Facebook about how if you have a
beautiful song bird in a cage, it's your
duty to let her fly free.
It was a quote from Bioshock Infinite
and he decided I was Elizabeth from
Bioshock and he was I don't know her
dad. Yeah, way to make it even more
creepier, pal. It was a pretty
terrifying experience, even if I can
look back on it and laugh at him. Having
someone that toxic in your life is
horrible, and I severely learned my
lesson about believing people like this
are interesting. And I hope the same can
be said for my third friend who decided
to befriend Jeff even after all of what
I told her. And last I heard, she'd cut
him off because he was trying to
convince her to cheat on her husband
with him.
[Music]
When I was much younger, I used to hang
out on various internet forums. I won't
share the names of them because I have
no idea if some of them still exist or
their archives can be tracked down and I
don't want my dumb teenage self to get
me cancelled in 2025.
Now, I don't actually remember where I
specifically met Bagghad. It may have
just been on Twitter now that I think
about it. And he quickly started
cropping up on a few places I frequented
though, but that wasn't too unusual
since most of my online social group
came from the same places. It was
definitely Twitter where he'd first
reached out to chat with me though. And
now I'm pretty guarded and savvy about
people wanting to befriend and talk to
me. But back then I was kind of happy to
chat to anyone, which is a big mistake.
Bagghead wasn't the first weirdo who
latched on to me through my forum use,
but he was most definitely the most
intense. After a few days of talking, he
began to hint that not only was I his
soulmate, but he was most definitely
mine, too. If you've never had someone
try to convince you of that, there's a
pretty big difference. And when
someone's trying to get with you, it's
easy enough for them to list all of the
things they like about you to try and
flatter you. Now, Bagghad did all of
this, but he also constantly talked
about the ways we'd be compatible. And
hopefully you can imagine what I mean by
that. And I stress that I did absolutely
nothing to provoke this kind of
conversation. In fact, a bit of
backstory about me. I have no interest
in that kind of thing whatsoever due to
some deeply unpleasant events in my
childhood. In fact, I'd go so far as to
say that I can be extremely traumatized
by intimate talk and intrusive intimate
suggestions.
I learned very quickly on the internet
that in the words of a great
philosopher, not to be some woke
but women have it hard, man.
And that's why every time I made a new
friend, especially a guy, I was always
very upfront and clear about the fact
that I only wanted friendship, actively
wasn't interested in romance or more,
and simply wasn't wired that way. And I
wouldn't become friends with a guy until
I was sure that he understood this.
Bagghead assured me that he understood
this and sympathized and even had a
sister who was in the same position as
me and blah blah blah blah. I'm not sure
I ever really fell for it, but you can
still see why that it was a bit of a
shock when after a week, he sent me a
lengthy confession admitting his love
for me. If it had just been that, I
think that we could have moved on from
it. But he also included some fairly
explicit, descriptive talk about things
that he'd like for us to do together,
things that just hadn't ever been
discussed between us. He also drew some
very gross anime style fan art of me
which pretty much unsettled me and it
was completely unprompted. I was
horrified, but stupid me, I tried to
explain to him that we didn't have that
kind of relationship and that I didn't
want to have that kind of interaction
with him. Now, I can totally understand
Bagghad being disgusted at his mistake.
I kind of expected him to disappear
forever after this. Instead, he threw a
huge pity party tantrum, ranting and
raving and screaming about how much of a
terrible person he was and how he ruined
everything. How he destroyed everything
beautiful and how no friendship could
ever last because of his stupid head. He
said he wanted to cave his own skull in
and cut his own face off and all sorts
of extreme frantic stuff. At the time, I
was young and dumb and naive, like I
said, and didn't realize that this was
an emotionally abusive attention-seeking
technique. So, my stupid ass was
genuinely concerned for Bagghad.
Naturally, I went out of my way to
reassure him that it was okay, but he
hadn't screwed anything up and that I'd
still be his friend. I told him I didn't
really appreciate the weird fanfic about
me, but I hadn't clicked on it, so it
was no big deal.
Bagghead had calmed down but started
sending me photos of himself, clearly
not wearing a shirt and asking what I
thought of his face and hair. And he had
long, messy hair and was clearly proud
of it. And beyond that, he was just a
normal stocky dude. Not badl looking,
but like I said, I'm not wired that way.
And I told him he looked good though,
trying to just be nice, and that was
clearly a mistake. He kept sending me
more and more photos, mirror selfies
that showed off more and more of his
pasty chest. And it ended with half of
our conversations just involving him
spamming me with selfies and asking what
I thought of his face and hair. And what
was I supposed to keep saying?
Eventually, I told him it was getting a
bit much and that I didn't really know
what to say in response to all the
identical selfies that were getting more
and more bathroom focused. and I very
gently suggested that I'd prefer that he
would wear a shirt in them, you know.
And this led to another absolutely
terrifying meltdown. This time he sent
me messages and posted tweets talking
about how he should cut his heart out of
his chest, carve loser into his flesh,
cut his hands and arms off, and then
finally cut his face off again.
This time I wasn't quite as intimidated
by it because he'd made these threats
before and never so much as even slapped
himself on the cheek. But it's still
pretty horrible to hear an adult male
screaming about how disgusting he is in
voice notes, especially when you know
that the implication is that you made
him feel that way.
Once again, it fell to me to try and
make him feel better and assure him that
it was fine. He hadn't ruined our
friendship and all that stuff. and he
acted really sad and volatile for a day
or two and I was starting to worry that
maybe he actually would do some harm to
himself. And that's when he messaged me
with the request that would make him
feel better. His self-confidence was at
an all-time low, he said, and the only
way he saw himself getting out of it was
if a female friend could give him a
confidence boost and tell him that his
unclothed body was attractive.
Yeah, he was asking to send that kind of
photo so I would say that he looks good
to help his mental health and this was
too much for me. I told him that I would
prefer that he didn't do that and that
it's something that he should save for a
future partner. And then I just hid
offline for the next few days. Now,
during this time, he had an absolute
meltdown on social media, making vague
references to how his toxic self had
ruined yet another friendship and how he
was a negative and cancerous presence in
other people's lives, etc. All very
intense, scary stuff for a young woman
like myself. And I ignored it and
pretended that I didn't see it. And
after a few days, he sent me an offline
message asking if I was okay and if he'd
done anything wrong. Not wanting to get
into drama, I told him that he hadn't
and I was just going through some really
difficult PTSD things. Bagghead told me
he understood and that he'd leave me to
it.
The next day, I received an email from
Bagghad and I expected some kind of
drama or hand ringing, but instead it
was a video file in a single sentence
that said, "To cheer you up."
I did not click on that video file
because I know better than to open
unknown video files emailed unexpectedly
from weirdos. Instead, I asked Bagghhead
what he'd sent me. And as blunt as you
could imagine, he told me it was a video
of him enjoying himself in a solo manner
that he'd made for me to cheer me up and
make me feel better.
And I was so horrified to the point that
I was actually mad at him. But I also
knew how volatile he got and how he
threatened to hurt himself every time I
rejected him. I decided that I just
politely say that I wasn't really
interested and then just slowly stopped
communicating with him. If I blocked him
on instant messengers, he wouldn't know
because I usually set my status to
appear offline anyways. And I told him
that I wasn't going to watch the video
and reminded him that I was specifically
dealing with childhood trauma, so it
wasn't really my type of thing. And
instead of losing his mind for a change,
he actually started lecturing me on how
it would be good for me and how it would
make me feel better and how I really
should just give his video a watch to
see if I enjoyed it because he was
confident it would essentially fix me.
And I hope it's clear at this point, but
Bagghad didn't really know me that well
or have any insight as to why I wasn't
interested in this stuff beyond him
being creepy and weird in the first
place. I just told him I wasn't and that
I don't feel like he was owed any
answers. And all I'd say is that he was
absolutely off the mark and there was no
way that this was an appropriate thing
to subject me to. I'm calm about it when
I recount the story, but at the time it
was genuinely really weighing on me.
Bagghead was a volatile, angry, pushy
guy. He had this whole shtick of
understanding women's struggles, but
used it almost exclusively to talk down
to me and then act like he could fix my
trauma. essentially by sending me all
sorts of disgusting imagery of himself.
It was gross, terrifying, and
overwhelming.
So, I stopped speaking to him on instant
messenger. And he did not take this
well. To start, I still followed him on
Twitter and Facebook because I was
terrified of the drama that would result
in me blocking or unfollowing him in a
way that he could see. And he fully took
advantage of that. And the week after I
refused to watch his creepy video, he
posts thousands and thousands of words
of rants on Twitter and Facebook. And at
first, he kept talking about how he
always drove people away and how he was
a toxic poison. Quickly though, he
started blaming a third party, me
obviously, and ranting about how
everyone took advantage of him, spat on
his kindness, manipulated and dismissed
him, blle blah blah, cry me a river. and
he was clearly trying to make me feel
guilty as hell and it almost worked.
Instead, something kind of snapped in me
and I just got really, really mad. In
retrospect, this was my first big
experience with a guy being persistently
creepy to me online in a way that
encroached on my personal space and
threatened to affect me directly. Since
I'd never really dealt with anything
quite like this before, I wasn't sure
how to handle it and decided that it
would be just better to tell him that I
needed to cut him off rather than just
do it and have him discover I'd blocked
him by chance. Part of me was really
worried that he could track me down
where I live. He lived fairly close by.
Definitely feasible to just drive to see
me, and these days it's not too hard to
find someone online if you really want
to. I DM'd him on Twitter and said,
"Hey, this is really doing a number on
my mental health, and I can't keep
seeing this on my feed, so I'm going to
unfollow and block you, but please just
move on and leave me alone, and I won't
call you out for harassment and all of
that." Then I unfollowed him, gave it
some time so I could be sure that he'd
seen my message, and then blocked him,
too.
I didn't look at his feed for some time
myself, but a few days later, a friend
I'd told about the situation let me know
that Bagghad was posting some pretty
extreme stuff on his Twitter. He was
again talking about how sick he was of
being walked over and taken advantage
of, and that on Monday, everything would
change. People would look at him
differently and they would know that he
was a serious person who wasn't to be
messed with and that the person who'd
recently trampled on his heart would
discover the result of her actions.
And I was sick worrying about this. Was
he threatening to harm me or himself? I
asked my friend and even my mom if they
thought that I should try and report him
to law enforcement and all that. And I
didn't actually know his real name or
address. I just knew the state that he
lived in. So, what could I do? A
relative is a local cop, so I at least
let them know that this guy was
potentially behaving threatening towards
me. Thankfully, Monday came and I didn't
have to wait for the knife to drop or
the trigger to be pulled. Bagghead
revealed the big dramatic event that
he'd been foreshadowing.
It was a haircut. He had a haircut,
transforming his long hair into a short,
neat, regimented buzzcut. And that was
the dire action this chump took. And
when I looked on his feed, he was a few
tweets into rambling and a pretentious
essay about how this was a new him and
he was no longer going to offer his
heart and soul to those who'd trample on
it. And sure thing, friendo. Feel free
to keep your heart and soul firmly in
your pants going forward. And with that,
I never looked at this creep's social
media feed again. And thank God he never
decided to escalate things with me
beyond online harassment.
Hey friends, thanks for listening. Click
that notification bell to be alerted of
all future narrations. I release new
videos every Monday and Thursday at 9:00
p.m. EST. And there are super fun live
streams every Sunday and Wednesday
night. If you got a story, be sure to
submit them over at my email let's
readadsubmissions@gmail.com.
And you might even hear your story
featured on the next video. And if you
want to support me even more, grab early
access to all future narrations and
bonus content over on Patreon, or click
that big join button to hear about the
extra perks for members of the channel.
And check out the Let's Read podcast
where you can hear all of these stories
and big compilations located anywhere
you listen to podcasts. And I also have
a true crime channel called Saturn Soul.
All links in the description below.
Thanks so much, friends. And remember 28
in is coming for you later.